Ok so pretty basic recipe that can be easily tweaked / modified / experimented on. I don't measure anything so yay. 

But since you asked... 

I use 1 pack of breasts / tenders and 1 pack of thighs. Usually the former is a little over a pound to a pound and a half, and the latter in the 2-2.5 lb range. 

Rinse the chicken and put in an oven dish or a big foil tray doubled up (what I do cuz I'm classy). 

Make probably a cup or a cup and a half of rub, which consists of a bunch of brown sugar, then a good amount of smoked paprika (any paprika fine) and chili powder, then lesser but still not meager amounts of black pepper, white pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, cumin, salt and cayenne pepper powder. Beyond the first three or four ingredients all of this is optional / add other shit, whatever. 

Rub the chicken, use most of the rub. Should be pretty well coated on both sides. 

Now fill the pan / tray with the rubbed chicken in it with like, 1/3 water or chicken stock/broth and 2/3 apple cider vinegar, and when I say this, note that the goal is to just cover the chicken, not fill the pan/tray to the top - don't do that. I don't detect any difference between using chicken stock and just water so I don't bother with the former. But you do want something to dilute the vinegar a bit. Heck, use a lager beer. Anyway. 

Dump the rest of the rub over top of the soaking chicken, lace *a little* bbq sauce on top of it all, put a loose tin foil over the top of the pan and put in oven at 250-275 for at least three hours and probably not more than four hours. 

When you take it out of the oven, peel the foil off, let it sit for a few. Then drain most, but importantly, not all of the liquid (you want some in the bottom of the pan to mix in with the chicken when you shred it) and grab a fork. 

If you used skin and bone-in thighs, the first thing you'll want to do is peel the skin off the thighs (it's just one big flap) and then separate the bones and cartilage from the meat and toss all that shit. It'll all be falling apart so this won't be too hard. In theory using thighs with the skin and bones should impart more flavor. I just buy whatever seems freshest, skin/bones vs. boneless skinless. This last batch was boneless / skinless thighs. 

Moving on.... shred the chicken with a fork. Shouldn't be too hard to turn your pile of chicken pieces into a big tray of pulled chicken. This is the basic pulled chicken that I'll put into a big glass bowl / Tupperware and store. 

Now, you can just eat it like it is now, especially on something like a salad, but it'll be a little plain. 

To prep it for serving like I did for what I gave to you, I melt a couple pats of butter on low heat in a saucepan, put however much chicken I want to serve in there, add some bbq sauce (don't overdo it), a sprinkle of salt and pepper, stir well and once it's hot you're good to go. 

You could also go in different directions at the end. Use hot sauce instead of bbq sauce, etc. 

And uh... that's that. Simple, right? 
